Welcome to aktivi! These Terms of Service (or "**Terms**") are a binding contract between teal computing LLC ("**Teal**/(**teal**)", "**we**", or "**us**") and you, and, together with our [Privacy Notice](/privacy-policy), govern your use of the aktivi platform, our website [aktivi.co](https://aktivi.co), and the products and services we offer (collectively, our "**Services**"). Any capitalized terms we use in these Terms without defining them have the definitions given to them in our [Privacy Notice](/privacy-policy). Additional and separate terms may apply to certain Services, each of which will be considered to form part of these Terms. If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact [legal@teal.fm](mailto:legal@teal.fm).

THESE TERMS INCLUDE A CLASS ACTION WAIVER AND AN ARBITRATION PROVISION THAT GOVERNS ANY DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND TEAL. Section headings and bullet summaries are for the convenience of the parties and do not affect the meaning or interpretation of the agreement.

1. **ELIGIBILITY & ACCEPTANCE**

    *   You must be a legal adult to use the Services.
    *   We do not knowingly serve anyone who is not a legal adult
    *   By using the Services or clicking "Accept," you agree to these Terms in their entirety.
    *   You accept these Terms for yourself and your Entity.

    To be eligible to use the Services, you must be at least 18 years old or the legal age of majority in your jurisdiction, have the legal authority to enter into a binding contract, and have never been previously suspended or removed from the Services.

    You accept the Terms by clicking to accept or agree to the Terms where this option is made available to you in any agreement, electronic form, or user interface, or by simply accessing the Services. BY ACCESSING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO BE UNCONDITIONALLY BOUND BY THESE TERMS. If you access the Services on behalf of a company or other entity ("**Entity**"), you represent, agree, and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of the Entity and to bind such Entity to these Terms. These Terms will remain in effect as long as you use the Services. If you do not agree with any of these Terms, do not access the Site or use the Services.

2.  **REGISTRATION**

    *   You must register and create an account. You are responsible for your account.

    You must first register with us and create an account to use the Services. By registering, you agree to provide us with accurate and complete information. The information we collect during registration and how we use that information is described in our [Privacy Notice](/privacy-policy). You alone are permitted to access the Services via your account. Your credentials are for your individual use only and shall not, under any circumstances, be shared, distributed, or otherwise made available to any person or entity. You accept responsibility for all activity that occurs under your account and password. You may not use false identities or impersonate any other person or use credentials that you are not authorized to use. You are solely responsible for ensuring the security and confidentiality of your login credentials and account. We are not liable for any loss or damage arising out of your failure to maintain your account security. You agree to notify us immediately of any suspected theft, loss, or fraudulent use of your login or password.

3.  **SERVICES**

    *   Teal grants you a limited license to use the Services.
    *   We may offer free services and/or paid services.
    *   You may post content, and you grant us a license to use your content.

    1.  **Ownership.** The Services and contents thereof (e.g., all software, designs, trademarks, and content) are protected by U.S. and foreign copyright, trademark, trade dress, or other proprietary right laws and international conventions. Neither these Terms nor your use of the Services transfers any right, title, or interest in the Services to you. All rights not expressly granted under these Terms are reserved by Teal. We and the other licensors of the trademarks in our Services reserve all rights with respect thereto. You may not use any trademarks on the Services without prior express written permission. Only a duly authorized officer of Teal may grant permission or a license to use the Services; any attempted grant or similar promise by anyone other than a duly authorized officer of Teal is invalid.
    2.  **License Grant.** Teal hereby grants you a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable right during the term of these Terms to use the Services solely in connection with your personal or business operations and only in accordance with the access and use parameters of the Services you have signed up to use and, if Paid Services, paid the fees in full. You may only display, download, or print the Services for the purpose of using the Services as a personal or business resource. The Services are licensed not sold.
    3.  **Events & Calendar Features.** A registered user ("**User**") may use the Services to create, manage, and share events and calendars.
        1.  **Event Creation.** Users can create events with details including event name, description, date, time, location, and media ("**Event Data**"). Events can be published publicly, shared with specific users, or kept private. We reserve the right to block, remove, and/or permanently delete your Event from our services if we determine that it is in breach of these Terms, our Community Guidelines or other policies, or applicable law, or if we determine it creates risk for Teal or negatively impacts the experience or interests of others.
        2.  **Calendar Integration.** The Services may provide calendar synchronization and integration with third-party calendar services. You are responsible for managing your calendar permissions and understanding what data is shared with third-party services.
        3.  **Community.** Teal may provide channels to facilitate feedback and support including community forums, Discord servers, GitHub repositories, and others ("**Community Channels**"). By posting, submitting, or sharing any content, ideas, suggestions, feedback, reviews, or materials ("**Submissions**") via the Community Channels or directly to Teal, you grant us a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, and fully transferable license to use, modify, adapt, publish, distribute, and commercialize your Submissions in any manner, without compensation or credit to you. Additionally, you acknowledge and agree that: (i) you waive any moral rights or claims related to your Submissions; (ii) Teal has no obligation to keep your Submissions confidential or to credit you; and (iii) if we use, develop, or implement any idea similar to a Submission, you have no claim to ownership, compensation, or recognition. If you disagree with the foregoing terms, do not post or send Submissions.
    4.  **Paid Services.** Teal may offer certain Services to Users in exchange for a subscription fee or other payment ("**Paid Services**"), such as premium features, ticketing, or other services, products, or features as we make available from time to time. A full description of Paid Services and their associated fees will be made available on [aktivi.co](https://aktivi.co) when such services become available.
    5.  **Availability.** We will use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain availability of the Services. You understand and agree that there will be times when the Services will not be available, such as scheduled maintenance times, outages, emergency maintenance, unavailability caused by software, hardware, or other users, and causes beyond our reasonable control. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to notify you of planned downtime and unavailability of the Services. We are not liable for any delays, interruptions, or other transmission errors resulting from any lack of service access or caused by your device or your internet or wireless service provider.
    6.  **Updates.** Teal is actively developing new features and products to improve the Services. From time to time, we may, in our sole discretion, develop and provide updates to the Services, which may include upgrades, bug fixes, patches, other error corrections, and/or new features (collectively, "**Updates**"). Updates may add or remove features, start offering new services, or stop offering some Services entirely. You agree that we have no obligation to provide any Updates or to continue to provide or enable any features. Based on your device settings, when an internet-connected device is connected to the internet, either (i) the Updates will automatically download and install; or (ii) you may receive notice of or be prompted to download and install available Updates. You agree to promptly download and install all Updates and acknowledge and agree that our Services or portions thereof may not properly operate should you fail to do so. You further agree that all Updates will be deemed part of the Services and be subject to these Terms.

4.  **FEES & PAYMENT**

    *   You agree to pay the Fees you incur, and you authorize us to charge your payment method.
    *   Subscription Services are automatically billed on the Subscription Billing Date.

    1.  **Fees.** You agree to pay Teal all fees and other amounts due ("**Fees**") as the result of your use of the Paid Services. All Fees are stated in U.S. Dollars. You are responsible for all applicable taxes and other fees associated with your use of the Paid Services.
    2.  **Payment Authorization.** You hereby expressly authorize Teal to charge all Fees owed by you, including all applicable taxes, to the payment method you provide to us. If you pay via credit card, we may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account prior to your purchase to verify that the credit card is valid and has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your Fees.
    3.  **Subscriptions.** The Services may be offered in exchange for automatically recurring payments for periodic charges ("**Subscription Service**"). If you activate a Subscription Service, you expressly authorize Teal to periodically charge your payment method, on a going-forward basis and until cancellation of either the recurring payments or your account, all accrued Fees on the Subscription Billing Date all applicable fees and taxes for the next subscription period. The "**Subscription Billing Date**" is the date when you first purchase a subscription to the Services. The subscription will continue unless and until you cancel the subscription or we terminate it. You must cancel any subscription before it renews to avoid billing of the next periodic Subscription Fees to your payment method. Teal will bill the periodic Subscription Fees to the payment method you provide.
    4.  **Refunds.** Refund policies for Paid Services will be specified at the time of purchase. Unless otherwise specified, all sales are final.
    5.  **Delinquent Payment.** Teal may suspend or terminate access to the Services if any Fees due remain unpaid. In addition to the amount due for the Services, a delinquent account will be charged with fees or charges that are incidental to any charge back or collection of any unpaid amount, including collection fees.

5.  **ACCEPTABLE USE**

    *   You agree to use the Services in compliance with our Community Guidelines and the acceptable use requirements outlined below.
    *   You must notify legal@teal.fm if you become aware of any unauthorized use.

    1.  **Use Requirements.** You agree to use the Services in compliance with these Terms, our Community Guidelines and other posted policies, and all applicable laws. The Services may integrate with third-party protocols and APIs. You agree to comply with applicable third-party terms of service. Additionally, you agree to not use the Services in a manner that:

        *   Is illegal, harmful, abusive, defamatory, harassing, or discriminatory;
        *   Infringes on the intellectual property rights of others;
        *   Impersonates others or misrepresents your affiliation with any entity;
        *   Contains malware, viruses, or other harmful code;
        *   Promotes or facilitates violence, hate speech, or illegal activities; or
        *   Creates fake events, spam, or misleading information.

        Your use of the Services in any manner that violates the foregoing will be deemed a material breach of these Terms.

    2.  **Protection Against Unauthorized Use.** You agree to use reasonable efforts to prevent any unauthorized use of the Services and to promptly notify us at legal@teal.fm if any unauthorized use comes to your attention. If there is unauthorized use by anyone who obtained access to the Services directly or indirectly through your account, you agree to take all steps reasonably necessary to terminate the unauthorized use. You will cooperate and assist with any actions taken by us to prevent or terminate unauthorized use of the Services. While we may review reports, we do not guarantee action in response to every report.
    3.  **Use Restrictions.** Except as otherwise explicitly provided in these Terms or as may be expressly permitted by applicable law, you agree to not, and will not permit or authorize third parties to: (i) use the Services for any illegal purpose or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law; (ii) violate any right of a third party, including by infringing or misappropriating any third-party intellectual property right; (iii) rent, lease, or otherwise permit third parties to use the Services; (iv) use the Services to provide services to third parties (e.g., as a service bureau); (v) use the Services for any benchmarking activity or in connection with the development of any competitive product; (vi) modify, translate, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise derive the source code or the underlying ideas, algorithms, structure, or organization of the Services (except to the extent that applicable law prevents the prohibition of such activities); (vii) use or access the Services in a manner that materially impacts or burdens us or our servers and other computer systems, or that interferes with our ability to make available any product or service to any third party; (viii) perform any fraudulent activity including impersonating any person or entity, claiming a false affiliation, or accessing any other account on the Services without permission; (ix) circumvent or disable any security or other technological features or measures of the Services; or (x) attempt to circumvent your permitted access to Services or use parameters, including (but not limited to) via the creation of multiple accounts using different email addresses. If Teal, in its sole and reasonable discretion, suspects that you have breached any of the acceptable use requirements of this Section, it may immediately terminate these Terms and your access to the Services.

6.  **USER CONTENT**

    *   You own and are responsible for your User Content and you grant us a license to use it.

    You retain all right, title, and interest in all data, information, or other content that you disclose or otherwise make available to us through the Services ("**User Content**"), including Event Data. You hereby grant Teal a non-exclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, fully paid, sublicensable, transferable license to use, modify, adapt, publish, distribute, process, transmit, create derivatives of, and display your User Content as necessary to provide and improve the Services. By providing User Content to us, you represent and warrant that: (a) you have all rights necessary to grant us the licenses set forth in this Section and to enable us to exercise our rights under these Terms; (b) your collection, use, and disclosure of the User Content complies with all applicable privacy and data protection laws, rules, and regulations (collectively, "**Privacy Laws**"); and (c) the User Content and the use thereof as contemplated by these Terms, does not and will not: (i) infringe, violate, or misappropriate any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; or (ii) cause us to violate any Privacy Laws or any other law or regulation. You are solely responsible for maintaining and backing up your User Content.

7.  **DATA PROTECTION**

    *   You consent to our privacy practices as described in our Privacy Notice.
    *   You will not include legally protected data in your User Content unless we agree in writing.

    Teal treats all personal information processed through the Services in accordance with our [Privacy Notice](/privacy-policy), incorporated herein by this reference. By using Services in any manner, you consent to our [Privacy Notice](/privacy-policy) and any additional, separate disclosures applicable to the Services you use. We implement and maintain commercially reasonable organizational and technical measures that are designed to prevent unauthorized or unlawful access, use or disclosure of data on the Services.

    Except as otherwise agreed in writing with us, you understand that you are strictly prohibited from including any data in your User Content that is protected as "personal information" or similar under applicable Privacy Laws or that is otherwise considered sensitive, confidential, protected, or subject to limitations or prohibitions of use under applicable laws.

8.  **AI TECHNOLOGY**

    Teal may use artificial intelligence, machine learning, and related technologies ("**AI Technology**") to categorize and process data as part of the Services. You hereby authorize us to use AI Technology to process your User Content, provide the Services, produce derivative data, or for any other lawful purpose. You acknowledge and agree that, due to the nature of artificial intelligence and machine learning, results of using AI Technology may vary or may contain inaccuracies. You release the Teal Indemnitees (as defined below) from any claims or liability related to use of AI Technology.

9.  **THIRD-PARTY SERVICES**

    *   We are not responsible for Third-Party Services that may be integrated in the Services.

    The Services may integrate with third-party services such as AT Protocol applications, calendar services, payment processors, or other third-party or open-source materials, technology, tools, or features ("**Third-Party Services**"). You agree that such Third-Party Services may have access to your User Content as part of provision of the Services. Third-Party Services are not under our control, and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, we are not responsible for any activities by or outcomes of using a Third-Party Service, including the removal or restriction of your access or User Content. Additionally, Teal shall have no liability to you whatsoever in the event Third-Party Services become unavailable or unusable for any reason or otherwise reduce or eliminate our ability to provide you with the Services.

10.  **INDEMNIFICATION**

    *   You agree to indemnify us.

    You agree to indemnify, defend (at our option), and hold harmless Teal and its owners, officers, directors, members, employees, and agents (the "**Teal Indemnitees**") and their respective suppliers, licensors and partners from and against any and all claims, losses, damages, liabilities and expenses, including legal fees and expenses, resulting from or arising out of your: (i) violation of these Terms; (ii) negligent, willful misconduct, fraud, or strict liability; (iii) your Submissions or any use, misuse and/or access of the Services; (iv) violation of any applicable law; (v) your activity or content on any third-party platforms or through any Third-Party Service; and/or (vi) violation of the rights of any third party, or any breach of the representations, warranties, and covenants made by you herein. We reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us, and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims, at your sole cost and expense, and such amounts shall be paid to us on demand in immediately payable funds.

11.  **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

    *   Our potential liability under these Terms is limited.

    IN NO EVENT WILL TEAL OR THE TEAL INDEMNITEES BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE SERVICES, ANY THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, ANY CONTENTS OR THE CONTENT OF THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, OR ANY USER CONTENT OR OTHER MATERIALS VIEWED OR OBTAINED THROUGH THE SERVICES, OR THE ACTION OR INACTION OF ANY USER OR THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. IN NO EVENT WILL OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THESE TERMS, WHETHER ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE TOTAL OF THE AMOUNTS PAID BY YOU TO US DURING THE LAST THREE (3) MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.

12.  **DISPUTE RESOLUTION**

    *   You will attempt to resolve Disputes informally before bringing a formal claim.
    *   All Disputes will be resolved by arbitration.
    *   You will not bring or participate in a class action against us.
    *   Claims must be brought within 1 year of the date it arose.

    **READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY. IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT.** You agree that any dispute between you and Teal arising out of or relating to the Services or these Terms (collectively, "**Disputes**") will be governed by this Section. This Section shall not apply if and to the extent prohibited by the laws governing your jurisdiction.

    1.  **Informal Dispute Resolution.** We want to address your concerns without the necessity of a formal legal case. Before filing a claim against us, you agree to try to resolve the Dispute informally by contacting legal@teal.fm. We will contact you by email as part of a good faith effort to resolve the Dispute informally. If a Dispute is not resolved within 30 days after submission, you or we may bring a formal proceeding.
    2.  **Arbitration Agreement.** You and Teal each agree to resolve any Disputes through final and binding arbitration. JAMS will administer the arbitration and determine payment of fees under its streamlined rules. The arbitration will be held in a mutually agreed upon location in the United States. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either you or we may assert claims, if they qualify, in small claims court in any United States county where you are located. Either party may bring a lawsuit solely for injunctive relief to stop unauthorized use or abuse of the Services or infringement of intellectual property rights (for example, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or patent rights) without first engaging in arbitration or the informal dispute resolution process described above.
    3.  **Class Action Waiver.** You may only resolve Disputes with us on an individual basis and may not bring a claim as a plaintiff or a class member in a class, consolidated, or representative action. Class arbitrations, class actions, private attorney general actions, and consolidation with other arbitrations are not allowed under these Terms. **YOU AND TEAL AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.**
    4.  **Waiver of Jury Trial.** To the extent that the Arbitration Agreement herein does not apply or is held unenforceable, each party acknowledges and agrees that any controversy that may arise under these Terms, including exhibits, schedules, attachments, and appendices attached to these Terms, is likely to involve complicated and difficult issues and, therefore, each such party irrevocably and unconditionally waives any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any legal action arising out of or relating to these Terms, including any exhibits, schedules, attachments or appendices attached to these Terms, or the transactions contemplated hereby.
    5.  **Limitation on Claims; Relief.** Regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to your use of the Services must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose, or else that claim or cause of action will be barred forever. You agree that the remedy at law for any breach or threatened breach of these Terms by you would, by its nature, be inadequate, and that we may be entitled, in addition to damages, to a restraining order, temporary or permanent injunctive relief, specific performance, and other appropriate equitable relief, without showing or providing that any monetary damage has been sustained. In the event of any dispute between the parties concerning the terms and provisions of these Terms, we shall be entitled to collect from you all costs incurred in such dispute, including reasonable attorneys' fees, if we are the prevailing party.

13.  **GENERAL**

    *   These Terms (with the documents referenced in these Terms) are the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Services.
    *   You agree to use the Services in compliance with U.S. export control laws.
    *   You may not assign these Terms to anyone else without our consent.

    1.  **Geographic Limitations.** The Services are provided from our headquarters in the United States. We make no representation that the Services comply with legal or regulatory requirements of jurisdictions outside the United States. If you use the Services from other jurisdictions, such use is at your own initiative, and you are solely responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You acknowledge that you may not be able to use the Services in whole or in part from outside of the United States and that access thereto may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. You agree to comply with all applicable local, state, federal, and foreign laws in using the Services. You are solely responsible for notifying us if your use of the Services or these Terms violates any law, regulation, or rule of your locality. Use of the Services from jurisdictions where such access is illegal is prohibited. We are not responsible for any violation of law in relation to your use of the Services.
    2.  **Governing Law.** Except as otherwise required by applicable law, the Terms and the resolution of any Disputes shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflict of laws principles. The Federal Arbitration Act, Delaware state law, and applicable U.S. federal law, without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions, will govern these Terms. Foreign laws do not apply. The United Nations on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods and any laws based on the Uniform Computer Information Transactions Act (UCITA) shall not apply to these Terms. You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the state of Delaware, USA to enforce these Terms or adjudicate any other Dispute, and you and we each agree to waive the right to a jury trial. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, if the agreement to arbitrate is found not to apply to a claim, you and we agree that any judicial proceeding (other than small claims actions) will be brought in the federal or state courts in Delaware.
    3.  **Export Controls.** You agree to use the Services in compliance with U.S. export control laws, and that you will not export the Services or any of its code, data, or other components to countries, persons or entities prohibited by such laws. You also agree to not submit the Services to any government agency for licensing consideration or other regulatory approval without our prior written consent.
    4.  **Entire Agreement.** These Terms and the documents incorporated herein by reference are the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the Services and replace and supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings and agreements related thereto. Section headings are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of these Terms. Additional agreements or documents may apply to certain features of the Services or other services we offer, which become part of these Terms. If these Terms are inconsistent with any other agreements or documents, the agreements or documents relating to the specific feature or service will govern. Nothing in these Terms will be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits. You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and us as a result of these Terms or your use of the Services.
    5.  **Term; Termination.** These Terms are in effect from the first date you access the Services until you discontinue all use of the Services and delete your account. Upon deletion of your account, you must immediately discontinue use of the Services. Immediately upon termination of these Terms as described in this paragraph, all license and rights granted to you under these Terms automatically terminate and you shall automatically forfeit the right to use the Services and all outstanding payment obligations become due and payable immediately. Your obligation to pay accrued fees will survive any termination of these Terms. We may terminate your account and/or these Terms immediately with or without notice to you if you breach any of these Terms or for any reason in our sole discretion. Our rights and your obligations under these Terms shall not be affected by the deletion of your account or termination of these Terms. All provisions of these Terms that, by their nature, should survive any termination or expiration of these Terms shall survive any termination or expiration.
    6.  **Enforcement.** We have the right to investigate violations of these Terms and any conduct that affects the Services, and in response may take any action we may deem appropriate. We reserve the right (but are not required) to remove or disable your access to the Services at any time and without notice, and at our sole discretion if we determine that your use thereof is objectionable or in violation of these Terms.
    7.  **Assignment.** We may assign these Terms, in whole or in part, to any person or entity at any time without your consent. You may not assign these Terms without our prior written consent, and any unauthorized assignment by you shall be automatically null and void.
    8.  **Notice.** We may provide you with notice by any means, including (without limitation) via postings on the Services or via email, of changes to these Terms. Notices given via the Services are deemed given the first time you access the Services after such notice is posted. Notices emailed to you will be deemed given and received when the email is sent. A notice that we give is deemed given even if it is intercepted by your spam filter and not actually read. If you don't consent to receive notices electronically, you must stop using the Services. Unless otherwise specified in these Terms, all notices to us shall be sent to [legal@teal.fm](mailto:legal@teal.fm). Notices sent to us pursuant to any section of these Terms shall be deemed duly served and effective only on actual receipt by us.
    9.  **Severability; Waiver.** Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of such right or provision. The waiver of any such right or provision will be effective only if in writing and signed by a duly authorized representative of Teal. Except as expressly set forth in these Terms, the exercise by either party of any of its remedies under these Terms will be without prejudice to its other remedies under these Terms or otherwise. If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of these Terms invalid or unenforceable, that provision will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and the other provisions of these Terms will remain in full force and effect.
    10.  **Consent to Electronic Communications.** By using the Services, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from us. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that those communications be in writing.
    11.  **Force Majeure.** Neither party will be liable for, or be considered to be in breach of or default under, these Terms on account of, any delay or failure to perform as required by these Terms as a result of any cause or condition beyond its reasonable control, including without limitation unavailability of Third-Party Services, so long as that party uses all commercially reasonable efforts to avoid or remove the causes of non-performance.
    12.  **Amendments.** We may amend these Terms from time to time in our sole discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them and will apply to all access to and use of the Services thereafter. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of revised Terms means that you accept and agree to the changes. If you do not want to agree to the revised Terms, you must immediately terminate your use of the Services and delete your account.
